Discovery API: update docs (#3894)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/discovery-querying.md

---
title: "Query the Discovery API"
id: "discovery-querying"
sidebar_label: "Query the Discovery API"
---

> The Discovery API supports ad-hoc queries and integrations.. If you are new to the API, read the [Discovery API overview](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/discovery-api) for an introduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Discovery API supports ad-hoc queries and integrations. If you are new to the API, refer to [About the Discovery API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/discovery-api) for an introduction.
```
